this is Joe Mina a hair Chevrolet in
Noblesville Indiana today we're in a
2013 Chevy Suburban and I'm going to
show you how to pair your Android cell
phone with the 13 suburban it's really
quite easy what you want to do is make
sure that your bluetooth is turned on in
your phone you want to make sure that it
is on and you want to start a search in
your phone for a paired device and
pretty much it's going to pop up your
vehicle when it finds it but first we're
gonna go in here the voice commands
right there to the right of the steering
wheel you're just going to press and
hold that Bluetooth to pair your
Bluetooth device now say pair otherwise
say no pair pair please start a search
on your Bluetooth phone
once the search is complete select your
vehicle on your phone and then enter the
code nine four five three again the code
is nine four five three thank you good
bye so once you start a search on your
phone it's gonna pop up your vehicle
once you select that you want to put the
four to five digit PIN or code that they
give you this time it was nine four five
three you can have up to five different
phones paired with this vehicle each
one's going to have a different code or
pin it's really quite easy again you hit
the Bluetooth start a search on your
phone select your vehicle and enter the
pin that they give you once you're
connected once you put that pin and you
are connected you can make outbound
calls and receive incoming calls and
call contacts from your phone
we have other how-to-videos wwr
chevrolet.com